hello everyone so today is a very
serious dramatic video because I'm going
to be telling you a university students
biggest secret it's something we don't
normally talk to each other about some
people might perceive the topic as
embarrassing when I told my sister I was
filming this video she was like are you
crazy
a lot of people probably think I'm
committing social suicide by making this
video hopefully not
come on let's share let's be open with
one another I thought it's a good time
to film this video becuase a lot of
people are going off to university in
the UK for the first time going to
university is a big change
it can mean you get a bit stressed it
can mean you get a bit homesick
I thought discussing this topic could
help things out in some way also
subscribe to my channel if you're new
here hit the like button down below and
let's get into it and before I go any
further I've got a very special guest
for this video
he hasn't featured on my channel before
I'm not sure why cuz I've known him for
many many years we go way back like
since I was 1 year old I'd like to
introduce everyone to brown bear brown
bear is my cuddly toy stuffed animal
soft toy whatever you want to call it
and brown bear has been with me through
all through the good times through the
bad times brown bears always been by my
side and also every night I sleep with
brown bear in bed when I'm stressed I
give Bramber a lil Hawk and yes I'm 20
years old I sleep with a Cognito let me
get brown bear a seat before we go any
further there we go all settled there
brown bear so yes when we're young we
often all have cuddly toys it's seen as
perfectly acceptable at that stage many
many children or cuddle their favorite
bearer at night they use them as a
source of comfort but suddenly when it
gets to adulthood people are a little
bit embarrassed about having a cuddly
toy people think Oh
they'll think I'm weird if I have a
Carly toy I mustn't take my cuddly toy
anywhere I need to get rid of this
cuddly toy or at least that's how I felt
at 20 years old should I still need a
bear however as we all know I don't
really take myself too seriously I'm
happy to do my own thing so brown bear
has stuck with me I haven't been getting
rid of him and I won't be getting rid of
him anytime soon I can't actually
believe on film
this video about a week ago I just
searched up on the Internet
out of interest how many adults still
sleep with a cuddly toy and I came
across loads of news articles that said
from recent surveys over a third of
British adults still sleep with a comedy
toy Travel Lodge said that 25% of men
reported they take their teddy bear away
with them when going away on business a
survey has found as many as thirty four
percent of adults still sleep with a
soft toy every night while 15 percent
admit they can't sleep without theirs
people see them as a source of comfort
they help relieve stress over the course
of your childhood you form an emotional
attachment to these cuddly toys and a
lot of people carry that on all the way
into their twenties thirties forties and
Beyond I was shocked I was like oh my
god this is so relatable there's other
people like me I knew there must be a
few students and adults who still have
that Bears with them but I did not think
it would be over a third how many people
are hiding their bears in their rooms
and not telling anyone about it everyone
keeps it a secret no one wants to admit
to their friends that they still need a
bear in bed some of you might think
surely there's some sort of
psychological problem with this but I
read a few articles with behavioral
health specialists being like actually
for most cases there's absolutely no
issue with it I solve you might be
sitting there thinking what's she going
on about we really don't care about her
soft toy brown bear what does this have
to do with university well I'm saying if
you're a student at university take
things that make you feel comfortable
and at East University and don't care
what other people are gonna say and even
like or another level from that being
yourself
don't hide parts of yourself because
usually it turns out there are more
people are like you than you think I'm
sure a lot of people when they go off to
uni they're like maybe I should leave
that cuddly toy behind maybe it's time
to part ways look at things I'm going to
to reassure you guys and tell you that
it's okay to be a student with a cuddly
toy it's okay to be an adult with a
cuddly toy I know that 1 in 3 if you
have a cuddly toy so don't think you can
hide it from me I'm gonna go ahead and
link some of the articles I've been
reading about this down below so you can
check them out cuz
quite an amusing read also comment down
below if you do have a special cuddly
toy and of what their name is
if you're not too scared to do so anyway
that's it from me today hope everyone's
well please give this video a like if
you enjoyed it subscribe to see more
videos from me hit the notification
bouts then you know when I upload I'm a
student so I make lots of university
content woohoo follow me over on my
Instagram I'll link that down below and
yeah I'll see you soon with another
video bye guys and bye from brother
[Music]